---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Last week, we have done project evaluations for the following open source projects: <a href="http://www.doxygen.nl/">DOxygen</a>, <a href="https://netflix.github.io/conductor/">Netflix Conductor</a>, and <a href="https://world.openfoodfacts.org/">OpenFoodFacts</a>.<br />

In this week's blog post, I shall be <strong> reflecting </strong> on my experience with the project evaluation assignment of the projects listed above. <br />

When I first opened the project evaluation assignment, I knew that it would be quite time-consuming given the amount of questions we had to answer, and as I was completing the assignemnt, it indeed did take quite some time to finish. Specifically, there were questions that asked us to find how long issues and pull requests tend to stay ope. In order to figure that out, we needed to take the twenty most recently closed issues and pull requests and compute the number of days that each was open and take the average. There was no easy way to do this, so I had to manually open the twenty most recently closed issues and pull request, and then write down and calculate the average. This had to be done for <em> all </em> of the projects assigned, so that definitely took a while
to finish. However, although repetitive and time-consuming, it was definitely really helpful and useful because through this project, I've learned more about the different functions that GitHub has to offer and I also now know what issues and pull requests tend to look like. Furthermore, I gained more insight on how to check if an open source project is still active or the current status of a project. If I click on the <em> Insights </em> tab, I can see how many contributions and pull requests have been made by how many people within a certain span of time. Additionally, there are more tabs within the Insights tab that show if the project has a Code of Conduct, README, Contributing, and so on. I could also check which periods of time had the most contributors/contributions made as well as
how many total contributors were there from the start to today. <br />

I still find myself inexperienced, but if I had to propose another way of evaluating a project, it would be similar to that of the project evaluation assignment, but there will be a few changes. Instead of calculating the average of the total amount of days the twenty most recent pull requests and issues were open, I would just look at how many issues have been closed within the past two weeks, because that indicates that are people still contributing to the project itself. Granted, this would not show how long an issue or pull request had been opened, but knowing that there are people who are still resolving these things still can contribute to showing how active a project is. However, it is still important to know how long it has been opened, so maybe there could be a program or an API that can compute how long the top X amount of issues have been opened. <br />

<h4> Current list of Contributions: </h4>
<ul>
	<li> <a href="https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/gutierrezjdr-weekly/issues/1">Grammatical and Spelling Issue in Jessica's week 2 blogpost</a></li>
	<li> <a href="https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/Chocolate-Spaghet-weekly/issues/1">Spelling Issue in Andrey's week 2 blogpost</a></li>
</ul><br />
	
Thank you for reading!<br />

<h3> Update! </h3>
Hello, just a quick update! I have fixed an <a href="https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/mxmsunny-weekly/issues/1"> issue </a> that was posted by Jessica on my blogpost for week 2. She states that I have made grammatical errors and explictly tells me where it is and how the end result should be like. Additionally, we went over how to properly open an issue and what important information should be included in the issue. The information can be found <a href="http://www.compsci.hunter.cuny.edu/~sweiss/course_materials/csci395.86/issue_guidance.php"> here </a>. When I was opening issues on my classmates' repositories regarding their blogposts, I did not include the link to the blogpost, but rather I have only addressed the week of the blogpost the issue is addressing. We should instead include a link to the commit that the user has on GitHub and then refer to that to make changes because the content of the blogpost will continuously change if they make changes to that blogpost. As such, our issue would not make sense in the future. Thus, when opening an issue, we need to be clear, concise and link and refer to the specific commit that the issue is going to address.