---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Hello! Last week was Spring Break. It was a refreshing break, but I unfortunately got sick. Nothing better than being sick and studying and doing homework! Anyways, over the break, I re-read [Cathedral and the Bazaar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/) by Eric S. Raymond and [Producing Open Source Software](http://producingoss.com/) by Karl Fogel. Additionally, I read [Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.html) by Richard Stallman.

For my reaction and response to Raymond's "Cathedral and the Bazaar," please refer [here](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr19.github.io/mxmsunny-weekly/week05/).

To recap, "Cathedral and the Bazaar" introduces 19 lessons learned from working with software and encourages software developers to keep these lessons in mind as they are associated with good practice in contributing in open source software development. More importantly, this text differentiates two different types of software development models: the *Cathedral* and the *Bazaar*. The Cathedral model is having source code available after every software release, but the code developed between the releases are hidden from public, and only available to a select few software developers. On the other hand, the Bazaar model is having code shared on the internet to the public, and having the public contribute to the software. After being introduced to the Bazaar model, he begins to highly praise it as it splits the work and makes bugfinding easier. He states, "given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow," which is actually true because there are different pairs of eyes with different experiences viewing the code and tackling on the issues.

After having spent some time in the bazaar style of development, I personally prefer the bazaar model over the cathedral model. I am all for working together as a whole group, and to see our efforts come to fruition always brings a smile to my face. Additionally, as what Raymond says, it is easier to find and kill bugs in the software, and new contributers can add their own input or request/design new features that will make the software even better.

Fogel's "Proudcing Open Source Software" goes into detail in the requirements of properly setting up an open source software project, as well as how to contribute to it. It also goes in-depth of the importance of comments, the roles in the community, and the instructions.

Stallman's "Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software" comes out more as a rant with the intention of clearly stating the difference between "free software" and "open source." Both terms refer to similar or identical set of licenses, but the route they take to arrive at them are different, and one's way of interpreting the terminology can define what they value more. In free software, Stallman states, "Roughly, it means that the users have the freedom to run, copy, distribute, study, change, and improve the software." Another quote that I also find important that captures his argument is: "The two terms describe almost the same category of software, but they stand for views based on fundamentally different values. Open source is a development methodology; free software is a social movement." It explicitly defines the line between open source and free software.

### Contributions
In regards to the OSNY App, I have opened a [pull request](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY/pull/14) that added a favicon and our logo, created by Andrey, to the website.