---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


Hello! This is the third week of the blog, I hope everyone is doing well. In these few days, I have been doing project evaluations on some open source projects: [DOxygen](http://www.doxygen.nl/), [Netflix Conductor](https://netflix.github.io/conductor/), and [OpenFoodFacts](https://world.openfoodfacts.org/). Doing these projects helped me understand more about repositories and its functions on GitHub.

Moving on, when it comes to contributing to a project, there are many things to consider. For example, you need to know what you want to contribute, which aspect of the project do you want to contribute to, and the list goes on and on. Being faced with the question of what things do I feel I need to learn the most to be able to contribute to open source projects, I think that I need to learn the most about how to navigate GitHub and how to properly use the tools and functions provided. Although I do know how some of them work, I believe I should know it at the back of my head in order to contribute properly to the project. This means that I can properly open issues, write pull requests, comment or provide feedback on other people's issues, etc. **Additionally**, I should practice more on coding so that I can solidify my foundation of the concepts and find different ways to use my knowledge to contribute to the project.

Adding on to what I stated above, the weak points that I want to strengthen are my coding skills, such as reading other people's code and knowing what it's going to do, and Git. I believe that the more activities I do with Git will definitely get me familiarized with everything about Git, and that as long as I practice coding, I should be able to gradually improve. I enjoy coding and learning more about these things, so it will be a pleasant but difficult ride!
