---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

This week, we were assigned to watch Kevin Fleming's video on <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJIi-hIlCQM&feature=youtu.be">Copyright</a> where he focuses on "Software, Copyrights, Licenses, and Ketchup." Yep. Ketchup. At first, I was intrigued and questioned how ketchup would play a role in all of this. Before diving into the realm of ketchup, I shall write about what I have understood from Fleming's video.

<h4>What is a copyright?</h4>
A copyright is a set of rights granted by old laws that granted creators control over their work(s). It gives the creators control over who is given permission to create copies for any purpose. One factor of the establishment of copyright is to <strong>encourage</strong> creatros to continue to create, and that is done by giving them control to prevent people from copying their original work and taking credit for it. In other words, it was a form of <em>acknowledgement and compensation</em>. People can only make modifications or copies if and only if the owner gives them permission. However, with the <strong>"fair-use" exception</strong>, people are able to comment upon, criticize, or parodize a small piece of work, such as using a line or two from a play for a review, without permission from the copyright owner. 

<h4>What is a patent?</h4>
A patent, in short, is a grant of a property right, as in people are able to view the item/the item is public, but it includes the right to actually put the item to use such as modifying, selling, or copying the item. 

<h4>What is the purpose of a software license?</h4>
The purpose of a software license is to control how people use the software produced by others through a set of defined requirements. Additionally, it grants others permission to use the software. It is a statement that gives anyone, anywhere, permission to use the code for any purpose. A software license mainly consist of these three important points:
<ul>
	<li>Copying is allowed</li>
	<li>Attribution is required</li>
	<li>Any copy of the library must be in, or accompanied by, a copy in 'friendly' form</li>
</ul>
Another purpose of a software license is make sure the software is used in the way the producer has intended it to be used. However, it would be difficult for producers to actually have this happen because they would have to review every use of their software and determine whether if it fits their criteria. 
	
<u>Attribution</u> is the action of ensuring that someone else who distributes a software under <strong>your</strong> license do not get to claim that they wrote it, and must keep evidence that <strong>you</strong> are the copyright owner and the one who granted them permission to copy it. Modifiers are also obligated to indicate which files were changed and when were they changed in order to ensure that the owner does not get <strong>wrongly blamed</strong> for a buggy, unreliable version of the software that someone else produced.
	
When people contribute to projects, you do <strong>not</strong> have the copyright on their contributions. In the end, it depends on how you receive the contribution. If the contributors initiate a pull request, and it gets accepted and merged, the contributor is now part of your license. As such, you now cannot change the license without their permission.

Last but not least, it's ketchup time! Throughout the video, Fleming uses the example of Bob and his library he created to assist with his thesis written about potatoes and frying them. He lists different scenarios to give us an understanding of what is considered copying and not copying, and how to allow people to use your code. Ketchup is a condiment that is usually put on fried foods to give it an oomph of sweetness and tanginess, making it taste better for some people. In OSS, people contribute on a project to improve its utlities or make it better for other users to use. The owner of the project in this case, would be the potato, and the contributors would be the ketchup. By working together, they are able to establish a sort of harmony and become something better. 

<h2>Update!</h2>
In class, we have discussed the Fleming video, and now I will be adding onto what the role of ketchup is. In addition to what I have stated above, ketchup is also considered an optimzation problem, which means that too much is not good, and too little is not good either. We must find <strong>the right amount so that there is progress</strong>.

After watching the video, we have finalized our teams and projects that we will contribute to for the rest of the semester. I have stuck with the OSNY-App, and alongside 5 other classmates, we hope to be able to create this tool. We have been split into two teams: local and API, and I am part of the local team.

Although I have limited knowledge, I do hope that I can still contribute as much as I can to facilitate the production of the app before the deadline.

Because we are starting from scratch, we currently do not have any issues. However, there are some potential issues that we can come across and I would like to put them here. These are:
<ol>
	<li>What license should we choose?</li>
	<li>How should people contribute?</li>
	<li>How are we going to host the project?</li>
</ol>

These issues are important, in my opinion, because we need to come to a general consensus before letting others contribute or use the project. Without these important issues answered, users may misuse the tool or they will contribute in a way that is not preferred.

<h4>Contributions!</h4>
<ul>
	<li>I editted more information on OpenStreetMap, which can be found <a href="https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/mxsunny/history#map=14/40.7537/-73.8998">here</a></li>
	<li>I pointed out some typos on <a href="https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/codesue-weekly/issues/1">Suzen's Week 4 blogpost</a></li>
</ul>

This was quite the long post, but thanks for reading!