---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

We have went over many things this week: Open Source Licenses, finding an Issue to solve, Communities of Practice, and finished the Git workflow activity.

These past few weeks have been really hectic because of midterms, but it's going.

First, we were asked to read Chapter 5 of the [Pro Git book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Distributed-Git-Distributed-Workflows) that provided information on workflows and the different types of workflows, which are the Centralized Workflow, Integration-Manager Workflow, and Dictators and Lieutenants Workflow. Additionally, it provided information on how you should push your commits depending on the environment you are working in such as in a public or private team.

In short, the centralized workflow is defined as having one shared repository with multiple developers that synchronize their changes into that shared repository. The integration-manager workflow is defined as having a maintainer to read your changes of a clone of the main repository of the project and then deciding whether it should be pulled. The dictators and lieutentants workflow is defined as having integration managers being put in charge of parts of the repository and then tests and merges the developers' branches into their master branches, which then gets reviewed by the dictator and then pushes the master branch to the reference repository. Centralized and integration-manager workflows are more commonly used, and although dictators and lieutenants workflows aren't often used, they are useful in very big projects.

The next portion of the chapter talks about the steps you take when contributing to a project as well as mantaining a project. In summary, to contribute to a project, make sure that your local repository is up to date with the project you want to contribute to by either pulling or fetching. After you make your changes, make sure to add a small summary of what you did and then either email the maintainer to review your changes or open a pull request on GitHub. If someone else made a change while you were making changes, make sure to pull the main repository again to keep it up to date to avoid merge conflicts. 

Moving on from the Pro Git book to the idea of Community of Practice, communities of practice have existed for a very long time. After reading Steve Raddick's [article on community of practice vs a website](https://opensource.com/life/11/11/community-practice-more-website) and Harvard Business School's [article](https://hbswk.hbs.edu/archive/cultivating-communities-of-practice-a-guide-to-managing-knowledge-seven-principles-for-cultivating-communities-of-practice), communities of practice is a group of people who voluntarily spend time helping each other or other communities of practices. They typically focus on tending to members' requests, focusing more on them rather than finding a plethora of methods to attract new people, and encouraging conversations and open discussions on anything, whether it is to implement a new feature or discuss their work/life balance during lunch. It does not matter how much experience a person has. Additionally, communities of practice should not be at a plateau, but rather mixing familiarity and excitement to keep their members on their toes while still retaining what they are used to. 

The concept of communities of practice has an imperative impact on a community built around open source. Because open source projects are platforms for developers/contributers to *voluntarily* contribute code, it is necessary to know that we are helping each other as a team, as friendly strangers who wishes for others to learn and grow. Through communication services, such as IRCs or Discord, members of the community can chat with each other and talk about any event that is going on within their lives regardless of how mundane or interesting it may be. Maintainers and fellow community members would also have to encourage new contributors to participate, and it is also possible to have multiple private communities of practices in the project depending on what part of the project they would like to work on, which is very similar to the Dictators and Lieutants workflow.

As far as contributions go for the OpenSource NY App, I have opened a pull request and it has been accepted! This [specific pull request](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY/pull/10) added some more styling onto the website. I have made it more readable and less strenuous for the eyes. Additionally, I have created a section that shows how to use the website. However, I did not notice that I deleted a portion of the code before I opened a pull request, so I opened an [issue](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY/issues/65) that was quickly resolved after Yi Zong pointed out the error in the code. I also was talking to Jessica about the workflow posted in the CONTRIBUTING.md, as she wanted to fix it because I got an issue while running it, which is addressed [here](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY/issues/64). The problem was fixed in [Jessica's pull request](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/OpenSource-NY/pull/9) which followed the pdf provided by Professor Wiess. After some testing, both Yi Zong and I got it working, and therefore accepted the pull request. I hope to continue to contribute to the front end, and also begin drawing the icon for the app. I also want a new name for the app after we finish implementing the necessary features. 

I've been listening to this song since January. Please do take a listen over [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuVT7RJijAo). The piano, strings, and metronomes meld into a tranquil melody that can inspire or remember. 

Thanks for reading!