---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

In the previous class, we have formed teams to complete the [classroom activity](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr19/github-workflow-activity-01) that teaches us the basic GitHub Workflow. Because I am still new to GitHub, this activity will definitely be useful when I contribute to the [project](https://github.com/yizongk/OpenSource-NY) that a few of us are working on together. Although we did not get to finish the workshop, I managed to learn a lot from what was completed.

Our first task was to assign someone who is most comfortable with GitHub as the maintainer, and the rest as contributors. The maintainer for our team is Hasan, and the contributors are Shane, Ramela, and I. As we reached step 3, which was cloning our fork and then adding an upstream remote, I was unclear on what this does. However, with my teammates' guidance, I learned that doing step 3 allows us to access the files and potentially make changes in the main repository even though the main repository is not in our local machine. I hope I can completely understand the GitHub workflow as we finish the workshop as well as when I contribute to the OSNY app.

Moving on... Remember those three potential issues that I listed in my [week 6 blogpost](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr19.github.io/mxmsunny-weekly/week06/)? Well, I believe that it has been worked out. 
<ul>
	<li>For the first issue, we are currently planning to use the MIT license.</li>
	<li>For the second issue, the CONTRIBUTING file has been created, providing concrete information on how we should contribute to the project.</li>
	<li>Lastly, I still am not too sure on how we are going to host the project, but we have decided to use ReactJS for frontend, and Express JS and PostgressQL for backend.</li>
</ul>

Right now, I am trying to set up a web app using ReactJS and do some styling on it. Once I manage to get something on there, I will submit a pull request! The hard part as of now is integrating the backend, but I'll figure that out with my teammates.

That's it for now! Thank you for reading!