---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

We were assigned to read two articles and give our comments and opinions about them. The first being [Have you seen these personalities in open source?](https://opensource.com/open-organization/18/11/design-communities-personality-types?utm_campaign=intrel) by Laura Hilliger, and the second being [25 Years Later: Interview with Linus Torvalds ](https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/25-years-later-interview-linus-torvalds).

*** Have you seen these personalities in open source?

Laura Hilliger brings up the interesting discussion on how our personalities actually play a bigger role in open source than we have expected. She introduces the [Myer-Briggs Personality Test](https://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/home.htm?bhcp=1), which can be taken [here](https://www.16personalities.com/free-personality-test). The first time I took it was in October, and I got INFJ, but this time I got INFP. Regardless of what personality one gets, we all are still living amongst each other.

> After all, anyone can find a place in open source. Millions of people participate in various projects and communities. Open source isn't just for engineers anymore; we've gone global. And while open source might not be as mainstream as, say, eggs, I'm confident that every personality type, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, and background is represented in the global open source community.

It's okay to be an introvert or a person who learns better visually. Hilliger specifically hits each difference and urges maintainers and owners to create environments that can support both ends of the spectrum. For example, if you're an introvert, Hilliger suggests that the project owners should send a private message rather than force participation on a public forum.

In my opinion, Hilliger makes a lot of good points in this article, especially the emphasis on open source being inclusive. She provides examples on how to accomdate for different types of personalities, and what really caught me off guard was the inclusion of the Myer-Briggs test. I knew that the topic of personalities would have to eventually be handled in open source, but Hilliger's incorporating of the test and pitting two contrasting qualities does shine more light on how we should solve most problems that occur. We should try to be adaptable, accomodating, and inclusive. I actually really enjoyed reading this article.

*** Interview with Linus Torvalds

After the first interview in 1994, Robert Young conducted another interview with Torvalds, the creator of Linux, 15 years later.

This interview is pretty straightforward, especially when the first part is a small catch up on life. Torvalds talks about his wanting a quiet life in which traveling wouldn'theavily affect his work and not have to worry about replying to every email sent. Torvalds' contempt towards social media and his rant on anonymity are quite interesting, because I would expect him to be caught up with social media to help maintainers and developers improve Linux.

> I'm actually one of those people who thinks that anonymity is overrated. Some people confuse privacy and anonymity and think they go hand in hand, and that protecting privacy means that you need to protect anonymity. I think that's wrong. Anonymity is important if you're a whistle-blower, but if you cannot prove your identity, your crazy rant on some social-media platform shouldn't be visible, and you shouldn't be able to share it or like it. 

Another interesting thing that I got from the interview is the shifting of roles. He now plays a more passive role in the project by writing psuedo-code and explanations that are often sent to developers to implement. For a while, I have always assumed that roles were rigid, stagnant, but that's actually not the case. The shifting of roles are really important and I feel like it should be emphasized more.

I admire him and his persistence for staying true to his own project and still contributing to it after all these years.

That's all for this week! Thanks for reading!