---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Hello! The grind for editing Wikipedia pages has officially begun. We are tasked to make at least 2 edits on Wikipedia, with the goal of making at least 5 by the end of the semester. Join me on this Wikipedia editing journey and hope that we make a difference.

Finding what I wanted to edit was kind of difficult because I did not know what I wanted to edit at all. The pages I wanted to edit were already **chock-full** of information, so I decided to not do those. Instead, I realized that I can maybe edit some Pokemon pages because I am pretty knowledgeable on that topic.

Here are my contributions:	
* [Contribution 1](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Pok%C3%A9mon_Conquest&oldid=892502393)
* [Contribution 2](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Pok%C3%A9mon_HeartGold_and_SoulSilver&oldid=892506958)

I decided to make these edits because my love for Pokemon burns passionately and I want to share my experiences with the community. Having played almost all of the games, I have considerable information that I can contribute to the wiki pages.

#### Contribution 1: Pokemon Conquest
I have added additional information in the *Gameplay* section. Following the syntax of the previous sentences, I added information on how Pokemon will evolve in this specific game. Even though Pokemon Conquest is a spin-off game, evolution still exists but it is very different than the main-series games. Therefore, I found it imperative to include how Pokemon evolve in this game since other contributors have included the differences of other systems such as changes to the capture system and battling system. I plan to continue to contribute to this page because I am also playing this game right now.

#### Contribution 2: Pokemon Heart Gold and Soul Silver
I have added additional information to the *Plot and setting* section. There was a comment that wanted us to expand on the Kimono Girls, which are essential NPCs that asks the player to help them with tasks. Before, information about them were scarce, so I added more information that indicated that the player helps them with small tasks throughout the Johto region (there are two regions in this game, and they don't show up in the other region, so I decided to make it more specific). I also added links that refer to other wiki pages such as "legendary" referring to the Legendary Pokemon anchor in the **Gameplay of Pokemon** page, and "'link'" referring to the Happiness anchor in the **Evolution of Pokemon** page. This game is one of my favorite games to play and I have played this game countless of times. I have played hacks of the game, and I have restarted the game, regretfully, many times. I also loved the originals, and I felt like GameFreak did a spectacular job with the remakes.

That's it for now! I might go on and edit the pages for Pokemon Black 2 and White 2 next. Thank you for reading!